damn animations how many times there
we found ourselves browsing sites
really very very ugly internet either
at least very much is p this
it happens because very often the
developers don't give it right
importance to animations considering that
the site only has to provide the
information but do not take into account one
very important thing called user
experience in fact a site with
animations that attention with animation
I don't mean things that fly randomly
I mean a response for each action that
the user performs within our
site
trivially when hovering over it
a key the key must fulfill
an action change color yes but maybe
even get bigger or move around
slightly to make the navigator understand
which clicking on that button will go to
actually perform an action these
animations are very often done with
jquery and can be a lot too
very complex
however, there is a much simpler method
and also faster called anime it css
in this video I explain it in
detail let's not dwell too much
then let's move on to practice by way of
get started right away let's google it
trivially we type anime point css a
this point we will be offered a few
search results what
we care and animated css that is
reachable via the anime address
it punto style
we click and until we realize
very simple interface is
it pretty much works that way
here we practically have the effect
final that we will get by selecting a
obviously css effect
who is practically present in the part
in the first section po on the right
so if we hover here and
we go down we see this list
increases more and more and trying trivially
to click on fade on the left
let's actually see what happens
fading dow faith in let fading bright
knapp wedding rings and so flip and hynix flipout
this is practically all
effects therefore all the donations that
we can do with anime and css then
for example, we can ensure that al
loading our page
therefore written in this case aliment
css which is what to this class but
obviously we can give this class a
whatever else we can say
I don't know when the page loads
I shop for pulse and just like
this
or another effect I don't know the wall
or the bouncing or better still the
fade in then that it appears to fai da hopa
the fade out disappears or or
or other effects such as in routes
hidrotec in or their utilities ott per
disappear slidin or slide out
in short, they are all the small effects that
we can go put to loading
of the page for example me on my blog
and lasting rinaldi punto with the
practically this effect on entry
which is very banal let's see if we see that
this effect is practically in the logo
here that present is called watles
wrong ulta da is very nice because it does
yes come on which best should be
this
exact very pretty because anyway from
a minimum of movement to the page e
it still makes our site animated
how to implement this anime's
css go and assign it to some
very simple elements
we go down here anyway
the installation through various typologies
including terminals also but not there
interest
trivially if we copied this
code string and then inside
of the two atc copy the andassimo paste
in another tab we will obviously have
this perfect code means that the
link works what we do
we close then copy this line of
code and come and go come man
mano
and of course we are going to create a
html document then html and not
we have to do other than as it comes to us
said here go to insert this line
of code then let's copy
everything actually all the link and go
paste inside and let's go
inside then after the title
maybe we paste here we can pull up
OK perfect
we save perfect document and of course
now we have to decide which element
give these animations now inside
of body I will create a test item
so i dont know a gdp a tough paragraph
net this the element they want
animate save and we must do only
this operation dominate as it comes to us
said when for example base and insert
these two classes
then the first that will always be from
recall that souls double iter
animated underscore which is pretty much
the class that will invoke the animation
initial then initialize
the animation and then the other animated
double underscore is followed by the
from the effect in this case it is this one
that I want to go
let's try for example to put that of
try animating double underscores
bounce then space anime iter 12
bounce let's save and see what
happens inside of our file
then we bring the file in html lo
we open with a browser and when opening or
when the page is re-loaded
we should have this animation then
at the Bauhaus
obviously me at the moment or the
top left top moment
because by default it starts at the top a
left but I could go on to say no
I know obviously with a style I don't know
margin top 400 to be a little more
bottom and align the text in the center
then text align center
css base by reloading we have at least one
element a moment cuter
obviously we can go customize it
how we want so I don't know 50 pixels
color I'm going to put a 4 done 4 that
a gray and a family arial in font
this case we have at least one title a
perfect cutest moment
of course we can in this case
always through anime punto style
change the effect is obviously meters
that not just bounce where we have to do
we have to copy in the class and
stick it practically in place of bonus
hence animated double underscore or
better dubbing to listen to bounce in
perfect copying it from which it takes us
directly also double minds
underscore where refilling some tea
the effect you see that the exchange effect
we could also go to integrate the
our animated css css with gq yesterday
going to specify I'm not going to ago
effects as we see the rollout where
four lines roll out then ensure that
to load the page of ours
text appears this way is eg
after 5 seconds automatically go away e
disappear then as we do we must
go integrate jquery but we see it a
other video so to go to
focus on this integration that
it is not complex but still needs to
a few minutes of explanation is
especially a targeted jquery focus
so for now I'll leave you to the fun
with cssn foods obviously see you
to the next video